<!-- View this file with a Markdown editor (eg: http://markdownpad.com) -->
# Show Orienteering Results


## What it is
Web page to show orienteering results from [OE2010][OE2010] to the public.

The results are shown in a typical web page and then scrolled automatically until the end of the page. When the end of the page is reached the results are refreshed, and we start again at the top.

There are two columns with results. Like this we can cycle the results twice as fast. The idea would be to show for example men on the left and women on the right.

This page only works for results generated by the OE2010 software. If you want to use it with other software, send me a message, and we will see what can be done. 


## Set Up
The idea behind this system is to have a portable computer that handles the results, connect to one or more big screens that will show the results to the public.

The big screens can be big TV monitors, or even some overhead projectors. If the computer can handle more than one screen, then you can use them all. Alternatively you can use VGA/HDMI splitters and connect more TVs to the same output. This way you will have the same image on the TVs. But if placed carefully you can give a better service to the public. 


## Usage
Just load the page in the browser. The page will do the rest of the work without any user intervention. It will only be necessary to keep refreshing the results from an external source (normally the event manager software). 

The page will load file `res1.html` for the left column and `res2.html` for the right column. These pages should be generated using the OE2010 software. Please see the file `Instructions.md` for instructions on how to generate these files.


## Problems
This page uses `IFrames` to include the results pages. This can cause security issues with some browsers.

For now it works fine in Internet Explorer 11 and Firefox 42. But it does not work in Chrome 46.


## Installation
No installation necessary. Just copy the files to any folder you want. You can erase the `samples` folder.


## Configuration
Here are the things that need to be done once you have all the hardware setup. This is necessary since the resolution of the display will differ, and also their ability to display all the information.

All of these configurations are done in the `ShowOriRes.html` file. Look for the string `CUSTOMIZE HERE` to locate them.

### Column titles
You should set the column titles to say what classes are shown on the respective column.

The titles are inside `div` tags right at the start of the `body`.

### Font size
The font size must be defined by this page, since OE2010 does not take it into account.

Go to the function `prepareIFrame`, locate the lines that change the font and put the values you want.

### OE2010 results export
The size of the columns must be set on the OE2010 software. Since that software does not take the font size into account when publishing results, we just have to keep trying until we get a good enough result. Please see the file `Instructions.md` for further instructions.

### Page margin
Some TVs might cut a little of the page on the left and on the right. To account for this set the margin of the `body` tag on the CSS styles at the top of the page. 

### Timings
If you prefer to use different values for the various delays in the page, change the values at the start of the JavaScript code.


## Dependencies
Uses JQuery 2.1.4.




## Authors
Developed by [Rui Botão][rui].


## Licensing
MIT.


## Bibliography
[JQuery][jquery].




<br><br><br>
Written by [Rui Botão][rui].<br>
Feb 2016


[rui]: mailto:rui@ruibotao.com "Rui"
[jquery]: http://jquery.com/  "JQuery"
[OE2010]: http://www.sportsoftware.de/ "OE2010"
